Add note about not using secure string and objects in outputs (#89890)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-resource-manager/templates/data-types.md

  }
}
```

> > [!NOTE] Secure strings and objects are not recommended to be used as an output type as they are not stored in the deployment history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] 
> Secure strings and objects aren't recommended to be used as an output type because they're not stored in the deployment history.
```
